backend challange from pt-br to eng (#19)
hashlab/hiring: challenges/pt-br/back-challenge.md

  * No product discount can be bigger than 10%

  
  ### Service 2: Products list

This service exposes a HTTP endpoint `GET /product` that returns a list of products.

1. The endpoint response **must** be `JSON` encoded.
2. To calculate each product discount the service **must** consume service 1 via gRPC.
3. If service 1 errors while calculating a discount, the service **must** returns the product list but with zero discounts for the affected products.

## Evaluation Criteria
​
1. The problems are solved efficiently and effectively, the application works as expected.
2. The application is supplied with the setup scripts. Consider using docker and a one-liner setup.
3. You demonstrate the knowledge on how to test the critical parts of the application. We **do not require** 100% coverage.
4. The application is well and logically organised.
5. The submission is accompanied by documentation with the reasoning on the decisions taken.
6. The code is documented and is easy to follow.
7. Following the industry standard style guide.
8. A git history (even if brief) with clear, concise commit messages.
​

> Before you start, take a look at our [key values](https://www.keyvalues.com/hash). It can show you how we think and work in terms of development. Also do your best! We'll evaluate it like you did.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also if you'd like to know more about our developer culture, how we think and work in terms of development. check out our  [key values](https://www.keyvalues.com/hash).
```

Reviewer 2: > 

Also if you'd like to _know_ more about our developer culture, how we think and work in terms of development. check out our  [key values](https://www.keyvalues.com/hash).

Reviewer: Fixed!
